and it's club staff
I was going to bocce here with another one.
video lesson to help you
This time I'm going to talk like what?
happens if you select blocking billions
or by the white call at night and how to do it
to block I will demonstrate with a
tim's chip
here you can see the thin tft chip
right
when you want to put a scene
phone you can access
the worse the model will not be that my
cell which is of the GT3 model 75 the
number 400 in the configuration settings of the
phone and security
there is going to have a change of codes
if you have a career you will have 15 more
Positive USP Chip 2 You Can Finish
getting your chip on channel 52 and clicking
on some of those pim 2rm pim if you
change the code it will not let alone
that when reconnecting them to smoking
He'll ask for the doping code.
So what you should do to get the
cell phone chip
After you took it out you'll put
again and will relegate the cell phone
the possession you reattach you will get the
card that comes with a chip and here see the
dp codes the book of pin and you have
that some codes are with their
business up is just get something
metal scrape in case of mine here already
It's shaved up I'll show you to
you very weak thing transmimo
7 there you will type what you were
but it can always work in
by the grass two prosecutors
you type what he asks for and he goes
unlock
if it does not block down here
in mine for example
efe dub sp 11 there to receive the k1 pingo
whats the reason you broke the
statins you have what you should enter
contact your service provider for
replace the chip in the same
name of the line that goes you will not
need to change the number
Good guys, I hope I have changed.
I hope you have enjoyed this media.
wallace likes sharing with your
Friends, download it for you.
not have one more operator per
these things said people